well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we got to talk about
that militia leader from down there on
the border y'all know the one I'm
talking about he he got arrested and
then apparently in confinement he got
beat up now in case you don't know the
one I'm talking about we're talking
about the guy that allegedly introduced
himself as a general he was in charge of
that little crew down there on the
border that was snatching migrants as
they would come across the border
sometimes allegedly misrepresenting
themselves as Border Patrol sometimes
allegedly pointing guns at people we
don't know if any that's true but the
funny part is that's not what he got
picked up for he got picked up on some
old weapons charges which is surprising
to me I don't understand it so I got
some questions you know
I don't understand why he just didn't go
through the process but that it's having
office for felons to send in an
application I get their gun rights
reinstated now I understand that that
office doesn't get the funding it should
in fact it doesn't get any and it going
through this process pretty much
impossible but it seems like he would be
the sort that would uh I don't know just
get in line
maybe I'm wrong and the funny thing is
though from what I understand
according to inmate comm the rumor mill
the reason this incident occurred in
jail when he got beat up really stemmed
from him not adopting in May culture see
he didn't assimilate but you know his
sort always causing problems always
causing crime never wanting to
assimilate the thing is if he didn't
want to adopt inmate culture well he
never should have come right he should
have just followed the law that's what I
think but you know his type you know
what they're really after you know what
they're really about he's just after the
benefits and there he is now in the air
conditioning eating three meals a day
watching TV we're paying for it all it's
a better life than he lived out there in
the desert what about those medical
bills without assault who's gonna pay
for that for that who's paying for that
us why should we have to pay for that
he's a criminal now we don't know that
he hasn't been to court or anything but
the feds said he was and that all it
takes we're not supposed to have judges
right just round them up don't need
judges for this
I mean that's what I heard can't
remember who said that though anyway I'm
making a lot of jokes here but the
reality is it is never funny when an
inmate gets assaulted surely not jails
detention centers and prisons are
violent places they are there's a lot
that needs to be addressed in our prison
system good news though is he's a real
man so I'm assuming he'll just stay and
fix it
funny thing is I guess a real funny
thing is that he did get his wall he got
his wall and that wall was gonna have an
impact on him now I looked at his case
ideologically speaking I can't say I
think he deserves any real time for what
he was charged with there's no victim to
it but that's not the way our society
works today in large part because people
like him who are afraid of what people
might do based on some irrelevant
characteristic and therefore people get
locked up for a really long time or
they're separated by wall offense a
barrier now he's gonna look at that wall
and realize that all that separates him
from freedom from relative safety from
opportunity is an imaginary line that
somebody said he couldn't cross that's
it
willing to bet that every day he dreams
of escape
dreams getting out
confinement can do one of two things to
you can make you better or it can make
it better and it is entirely up to the
inmate it is entirely up to how they
react and how they respond to the
situation they were put in it's up to
him I really hope that it makes him
better I hope that he sees that wall and
he actually starts to begin to
understand what freedom is anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night